# Estimating Calories and Nutritional Inter-dependencies in Starbucks’ menu

Starbucks, the world’s largest coffeehouse chain, has had an impressive growth trajectory since its founding in 1971 with Seattle’s historic Pike Place Market(abo). The store quickly became popular for its coffee beans, tea, and spices, and has expanded globally to an impressive 36,160 stores in over 80 countries, 45 percent of which are located in the United States. With a market share of approximately 37 percent and revenue of $32 billion, Starbucks’ sales and revenue growth remain unmatched. The company’s portfolio is projected to grow 7% to 9% in the upcoming fiscal years, demonstrating the company’s commitment to continued expansion and success. Starbucks is known for serving a wide variety of hot and cold drinks, ranging from coffee and espresso beverages to teas and refreshers. In addi- tion, customers can create their own personalized drinks by selecting from a variety of options such as adding extra espresso shots, flavored syrups, or different types of milk. Apart from beverages, the company also offers whole-bean coffee, pastries, and other savory food items. With such a diverse selection, Starbucks caters to a wide range of tastes and preferences, making it a popular choice among consumers around the world. Given its sizeable presence, we aim to explore the nutritional value of Starbucks’ menu items. Specifically, we will examine the calorific value of its food and drink items and explore any inter- dependencies with nutritional components like sugar and cholesterol levels
